# CZ4045 Natural Language Processing
## Assignment 2

Nanyang technological University
School of Computer Science and Engineering
Academic Year 2021/2022 Semester 1

This file contains the source codes for CZ4045 Assignment 2.

This README file is best viewed using a text editor that supports Markdown.

---

## Description

In this assignment, 

## Getting Started
This project runs with the Python 3.8.x interpreter. Add the path of your local python.exe installation to your system PATH variable. Please ensure you have the correct Python version and all dependent libraries (listed above) installed. Please note that do not remove any of the generated files from result folders since they will be used for further analysis.

### Dependencies

* 

### Installing

For installation of required libraries use command from terminal:
```
pip install <package_name>
``` 

## Program Execution and Desired Outcome

### Question 1
* Make a new folder name 'wikitext-2' under the root directory. 
Put the files 'train.txt', 'valid.txt' and 'test.txt' under this 'wikitext-2' directory.
```
sudo mkdir wikitext-2
``` 
* Change the path in line 14 of 'main.py', and line 15 of 'generate.py' to your own path where the files are found.
Alternatively, pass in your path as an argument when you run these files.

```
python main.py --data /path/
```
 
* The default set up is without sharing the input and output layers. 
If you wish to share the input and output layers, pass in the same value for --emsize and --nhid, and add --tied.

```
python main.py --emsize 200 --nhid 200 --tied
```
* The best model through validation is generated and stored as 'model.pt'. It will be found under the same root directory.
This model can be used to generate texts.
``` 
python generate.py
```
* The outcome of the texts generated by your FNN model will be stored under the same root directory titled 'generated.txt'.
  
 
### Question 2
* Change directory accordingly so that the dataset can be accessed:
```
json_path = '../Dataset/reviewSelected100.json' 
``` 
* Download and install the nltk and spaCy packages, as done in previous section
* Execute the Python script
    * The outcome, i.e. list of indicative APs (raw), is printed out
* Refer to the report for detailed analysis on the indicative APs, as well as the criteria of filtering them


## Authors
Han Jun - HANJ0030@e.ntu.edu.sg  
Joey Hiew Mun Yee - JOEY0028@e.ntu.edu.sg  
Tao Weijing - D180002@e.ntu.edu.sg  
Wang Yifan - D180003@e.ntu.edu.sg  
Yang Yubei - C180052@e.ntu.edu.sg
